this is an exciting day this is the
first time in 25 years we've opened a
new line of the LRT this is by far the
largest public works project ever ever
done in Calgary it's a big day because
good transit matters we have to have
great transit to have a great city
in fact investments in transit I've
often argued or among the very best
investments any government can make
their investments certainly in reducing
congestion their investments in
improving the quality of the air we
breathe
there are also investments in social
mobility making sure that every single
one of us has the opportunity to
participate in everything that makes
this community great planning it's
awesome
I think it's definitely warmer than
other stations new fresh those nice
looks looks good yeah so it's always
good to see new buildings going up you
know right there
fancy to fancy yeah all the stations
that they should be one basic design
but we all know that this particular
project was a longtime dream of Mayor
Brown Kanye's and it never never would
have happened without his persistent
hard work in finding the funding and
developing the plan and in making it
happen so Dave thank you so much for
that I was absolutely were that an
important date for the residents of the
West Calgary all over the city because
of course West line connects it with the
Northeast Calgary really meets in the
center that mean
get infrastructure development overall
this is a proud day for all Calgarians
and of course in particularly the
communities on the west side
so there's actually two events going on
today the first is what we're doing
right now which is celebrating the final
completion of the 7th Avenue
refurbishment project after five long
years of construction we are finally
finished with all of the work along 7th
Avenue can you believe it was three
years ago
that the first station on this project
was open three years ago this month as a
matter of fact